---
date: 2025-11-19
tags:
  - Driving
aliases:
---
# Traffic Lanes
A traffic lane is a section of road for a single line of traffic.

# Lane Markings
Lane markings on road surfaces help drivers know which part of the road to use and understand traffic rules.

## Single solid yellow line
A single solid yellow line marks the center of a road with two-way traffic. Don't pass a vehicle in front of you if there is only one lane of traffic going your direction and a solid yellow line on your side of the road.

## Double Solid Yellow lines
Don't pass over double solid yellow lines. Stay to the right of these lines unless you are:
- In a high-occupancy vehicle (HOV) carpool lane that has a designated entrance on the left
- instructed by a construction or other signs to drive on the other side of the road because your side is closed or blocked
- Turning left across a single set of double yellow lines to enter or exit a driveway or private road or make a U-turn.
Two sets of solid double yellow lines spaced tow or more feet apart are considered a barrier

## Broken Yellow Line
A broken yellow line indicates you may pass if the broken line is next to your driving lane. Only pass when it's safe.

## Single Solid White Line
A single solid white line marks traffic lanes going in the same direction

## Double Solid White Lines
Double solid white lines indicate a lane barrier between a regular use and a preferential use lane, such as a carpool lane. You may also see double solid white lines in or near freeway on and off ramps. Never change lanes over double solid white lines. Wait until you see a single broken white line

## Broken white lines
broken white lines separate traffic lanes on roads with two or more lanes in the same direction.

## End of lane Markings
Ending freeway and street lanes are usually marked with large broken lines. If you are driving in a lane marked with broken lines, be prepared to exit the freeway or for the lane to end. Look for a sign that tells you to exit or merge.

## Yield Line
A yield line is a line of solid white triangles that shows approaching vehicles where to yield or stop. The triangles point towards approaching vehicles.

# Choosing a lane
Traffic lanes are often referred to by number. the left (or fast) lane is called the number 1 lane. The lane to the right of number 1 lane is called number 2 lane, then number 3 and so on.

Some tips for choosing a lane:
- Use the left lane to pass or turn left
- Use the right lane to enter or exit traffic or when you enter the road from a curb or shoulder

# Changing Lanes
before you change lanes:
- Signal
- Check your mirrors
- Check traffic behind and beside you
- Look over your shoulder in the direction you plan to move to make sure the lane is clear
- Check you blind spots for other vehicles. Do not let the vehicle drift into another lane
- Be sure there is enough space for your vehicle in the next lane. It is not necessary to slow down before a lane change.

Stay in one lane as much as possible. Last minute lane or direction changes may increase the risk of collisions. Once you start moving through an intersection, keep going. If you start to make a turn, follow through. If you miss a turn, keep driving until you can safely and legally turn around.

# Types of Lanes

## Passing Lanes
On a multilane road, the passing lane (far left lane) is the lane closest to the center divider and is used to pass other vehicles.

## Carpool/HOV lanes
an HOV lane is a special lane reserved for carpools, buses, motorcycles, or low-emission vehicles with decals.

## Center Left Turn Lanes
A center left turn lane is located in the middle of a two-way street. It is marked on both sides by two painted lines. The inner line is broken and the outer line is solid. Use the center left turn lane to prepare for and make a left turn or U-turn.

## Turnout Areas or Lanes
Some two-lane roads have special turnout areas or lanes. Merge into these areas or lanes to allow cars behind you to pass.
You must use a turnout area or lane to let other vehicles pass when you are driving slowly on a two-lane road, where passing is unsafe, and there are five or more vehicles following you.

## Bicycle Lanes
Bicycle Lanes are for bicyclists only and run alongside vehicle traffic. They are typically marked by a single solid white line and signs. They are sometimes painted bright green to make them easier to see.

It is illegal to drive in the bicycle lane unless you are:
- Parking (where permitted)
- Entering or leaving the road
- Turning (within 200 ft of an intersection)

# Turns

## Right Turns
to make a right turn:
- Drive close to the right edge of the road
- Watch for any pedestrians, bicyclists, or motorcycles between your vehicle and the curb.
- start signaling about 100 ft before your turn
- Look over your right shoulder and reduce your speed
- stop behind the limit line, or stop before you enter the crosswalk and or intersection
- Look both ways and turn when safe
- Complete your turn int he right lane. Don't turn wide into another

### Right Turn Against a red light
you may turn right at red light after a complete stop unless there is a no turn on red sign.

### Right turn Against a red arrow
you may not turn right if you are stopped at a red arrow light, wait to change green

### Right turn at a public transit bus lane
Illegal to drive, stop, park, or leave a vehicle in an area designated for public transit buses. You may cross a bus lane to make a right turn.

### Right turn into a road with a dedicated lane
A dedicated right turn lane does not merge into another lane allows you to make a right turn without stopping.

## Left Turns
to turn left:
- Drive close to the center divider or into the left turn lane.
- Start signaling 100 ft before the turn
- Look over your left shoulder and reduce your speed
- Stop behind the limit line. If there is no limit line stop before the crosswalk or intersection
- Look both ways and begin to turn when safe
- Proceed into the intersection while turning to complete your turn in the left lane.
- Don't turn the steering wheel too soon and enter the lane of oncoming vehicles
# ‌
---
# Flashcards


# ‌
---
# Reference
