---
date: 2025-04-06
tags: 
aliases:
  - Hydro
---
# Hydro Bond

Date of Birth: 01/01

Hydro, a shy boy born in the Hydrogenium region of [[202504040943 Ch.1 Unbreakable Bonds|Periodical]]. Black wavy hair and eyes of sapphire. His father worked for [[202409051850 Alkaline Corp.|Alkaline Corp.]] unfortunately was shot and killed when Hydro was only 1 year old. Due to his father's passing, his mother started dating a man named Victor when Hydro was 5 years old. With his mother bringing him to meet Victor; he's introduced to the girl that would leave an everlasting impact into his life, [[202504061512 Heal|Heal]].

Hydro and [[202504061512 Heal|Heal]] formed a strong bond throughout the years, an inseparable duo. [[202504061512 Heal|Heal]] being his sister, the only person he ever felt comfortable with. After all the years he spent with his new family a fear began to linger from within, being separated from [[202504061512 Heal|Heal]].

After being together for five years his mom and Victor finally got a divorce, he knew it was only time for Hydro and [[202504061512 Heal|Heal]] to be separated. Without knowing if they'd ever see each other again, they embrace and instinctively kiss for the first time.

It's been 7 years since he was separated from [[202504061512 Heal|Heal]], it is the beginning of his junior year of high school in the Rubidus region. He has two friends that he hangs out with most of time, Bery Toxin and Ruth Enium.

Later is informed by Bery that there's a new student and that she might be Hydro's type, though this was dismissed by Hydro as he isn't interested in a relationship.

While in lunch break, he relaxes in his physics class and is told by Mrs. Clark that he will have a new classmate in his group. Hydro assumed that this is the girl that Bery was talking about. By chance the girl at that very moment appeared at the door. To Hydro's surprise it was [[202504061512 Heal|Heal]].

# ‌
---
# Flashcards


# ‌
---
# Reference
