---
date: 2024-11-05
tags:
  - Original/Lore
  - Original/Characters/Carbon
  - Original/Characters/Xenon
  - Original/Characters/Bor
  - Original/Characters/Krypto
aliases:
  - Periodical
---
# Periodical
PERIODICAL

  

By Karbon Source

  
  
  
  
  

Chapter 1

Peace at any cost

  
  
  

“After today, we either sleep in a body bag, or wake up as criminals...” he said to me in his natural monotone voice. Those words couldn’t have been more true. “Are you ready?” he asked me as we get in the back of our car. 

The sound of a car engine cruising down a lonely two lane road in the middle of the night, passing a sign with the name “[[202409051850 Alkaline Corp.|Alkaline]] Crop. powerplant”. My heart pounds out of my chest, the four of us barely saying a word to each other. An uneasy atmosphere.

I look out the car window at this night city, bright lights from the buildings and skyscrapers block the stars above, I might never see the stars again.

The silence is finally broken with the man sitting next to me in the backseat, “That serious look doesn’t suit you” the man sitting right next to me said, “I’m scared, aren’t you [[202409021444 Carbonate|Carbon]]?”, I replied to him a worried tone, turning away from my window to face him.

Carbonate Source has black hair reaching to his lower neck, he was sporting a black trench coat over his body armor and a gray shirt underneath, black pants with holsters for guns and ammo.

“Of course I am, but it's too late to turn back now”, he states, as he pulls out a box of cigarettes and puts one into his mouth and lights it. He pulls another one out and holds the cigarette towards me. I smile at him and gladly take it from him and light it with his lighter. I can't help but feel a little bit better.

Carbon has been there for me since we were kids, he was the one person that I can lean on and vent my frustrations if I needed to. I know he feels the same about me. He pushed me to get stronger, I hope this won't be my last time seeing his eyes look at me.

“We’re nearly there, let’s make sure we put on a good show”, said the driver in his deep charismatic voice. His name was [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]], he is tall and muscular with long dark brown and a beard to  wavy hair with brown eyes and heavy armor to compliment his body, his special trait is the big smile on his face. 
 
The one in the passenger seat is [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]], he has green eyes and blond hair that’s shorter than [[202409021444 Carbonate|carbon]]’s, he’s good with tech. [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]] takes off his earphones, “20 minutes is all we got, once we plant these babies, I’ll activate the controller and we gotta get out of there as fast as possible”. Hiding the device in the glove compartment. his voice nasally, but confident. 
 
“Got it” we collectively said before pull up to a booth with a guard inside of it separated from us with glass, the gate fence is down. 
  
[[202409021444 Carbonate|Carbon]] reassures to me, “Duck down [[202409021516 Xenon|Xenon]], so the guard doesn’t see us”. Throwing our cigarettes out our window we crouch behind the seats out of sight from the guard in booth
  
“Identification?”, said the guard. “Employee 005, Joseph Louis”, [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] said. “Employee 036, William Ramsay”, [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]] said after. [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] takes out a fake ID, and [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]] hands him his. As [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] was about to hand the guard fake IDs, they ‘slip’ out of his hand, falling on the asphalt roads. 
  
“My apologies” said [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] sarcastically and proceeds to get out of his car shutting the door behind him and picks up the cards, handing it to the guard. As the guard reaches out the window to grab the ID, [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] grabs the man’s arm and pulls him in, breaking the glass on the toll, [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] pinning the man to ground, unleashes a flurry of punches, until he fell unconscious. His mouth and limbs tapped and placed into the booth not before taking his pistol and putting it in a bag. 
  
[[202409021444 Carbonate|Carbon]] and I sit up from our crouched position. “Piece of cake” [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] shouts proudly with a big smile on his face as he gets into the driver's seat, “Let’s get moving!” [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] drives through the fence. We drive further towards the power plant with the giant text “[[202409051850 Alkaline Corp.|Alkaline]] Corp. Power Plant” Nothing but disdain and disgust comes from seeing those words.
   
[[202409021444 Carbonate|Carbon]] puts on a black face mask, [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] puts on a gas mask, [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]] puts on a silver metal mask  covering his mouth with black lens in front of his eyes, something you’d wear in paintball or airsoft. I take off the camo bandana from my head and tie it covering my nose and mouth. 
   
We park near the front doorway with dim lights. We collectively get out of the car, [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]] taking out the special device and placing it in his backpack. Popping the trunk open are our weapons. [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] grabs a black riot shield, with a rectangular window at the top to see through, with his left hand and a baton on his other. [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]] grabs a black SMG. [[202409021444 Carbonate|Carbon]] grabs a katana, 1095 high [[202409021444 Carbonate|carbon]] steel, and a sheath tied to his back, angled where the handle is above his right shoulder; and on his left hip is a gun holster for a 9mm pistol. Finally, I grab two 9mm bayonet pistols, the blade attached to the bottom of the barrel. I have two holsters on each side of my hip custom made to for the blade. 
   
Every firearm is loaded with rubber bullets, non lethal small chance for fatal injuries at most, [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] carries a duffle bag full of magazines with these bullets. 
   
We stand at the edges of the door, weapons in our hands, my heart sinks into my chest, I take a deep breath regaining myself. [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] kicks the door open, all eyes of workers and guards looking our way. 
   
[[202409021444 Carbonate|Carbon]] and [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]] pointing their firearms directly at the workers, panic erupts and the guards spring into action, drawing their firearms they unload rounds into our direction, but [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] steps in front of us standing his ground blocking the bullets coming our way with his shield firmly in place. 
   
One guard with a click in his pistol was the time for us to strike, [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]] lunges from behind [[202411061340 Bor|Bor]] towards the guard kicking the pistol out of the guards hand and continues to unload rubber rounds from his SMG onto the guard until he couldn’t stand the pain anymore. 
   
Suddenly a guard from the opposite corner of the room points his gun towards [[202411061341 Krypto|Krypto]], but in a flash [[202409021444 Carbonate|Carbon]] swoops in and with a swift slash with his sword the barrel of the gun falls to the ground. A swift knee to the gut was all it took to bring him to his knees. 



# ‌
---
# Flashcards


# ‌
---
# Reference
