---
date: 2026-01-21
tags:
  - ASL-001/Unit1
aliases:
---
# 202601211624

**Fact:** sign language depends on vision. To begin a conversation, you must first make eye contact with the person you want to sign to. If this person is not looking at you wave to catch their eye.

**Myth:** When you wave in this way, don't wave in the person's face or use huge waving gestures if you are close by. A slight flapping motion of the hand is enough

**Fact:** If waving fails and if you are near enough, tap the person's shoulder. Don't hesitate to tap, even if they are strangers; deaf community members are accustomed to such contact.

**Myth:** When touch a person to get their attention, don't tap to lightly, just once, or too often. Two or three firm but not heavy taps should be enough. Shoulders are the best places to tap until you know the person well.

**Fact:** If the person you want to sign to is at a distance, ask others to pass on your wave or tap until you get this person's attention

# Do:
- tap gently on the shoulder to get attention
- tap the table. Tap the table like you would a shoulder, maybe a bit harder, to get attention of someone seated further down at the table.
- wave in the air until eye contact is established. Wave your hand. If they are far away, it's ok to wave your hand in their field of vision. Don't wave your hand in their face if they are seated or standing close by.
- Switch lights on and off to get attention, and refrain from repeating the flashing pattern.
- Stomp the floor. For floors made out of materials like wood, when you stomp your foot, they will feel the vibrations and turn to look at you.
- Establish eye contact before beginning communication. Eye contact can also be a turn-taking technique, especially in group discussions where everyone looks at the next speaker.
- Wait for your turn to start signing
- Keep the face clear of obstructions, such as hair or a scarf.
- Show that you are attentive by nodding slightly. If you are expressionless, it conveys inattentiveness.

# Don'ts:
- Don't touch elsewhere on the body to get attention.
- Don't punch to get attention.
- Don't kick or throw things to get attention.
- Don't stand 


# ‌
---
# Flashcards


# ‌
---
# Reference
