---
date: 2026-01-22
tags:
  - ASL-001/Unit1
aliases:
---
# All Languages have grammar
The structure of spoken language is rigid, with each word occupying a specific place in a sentence. Altering the order of verbs or adjectives would result in a sentence that needs coherence. However, different languages have varying levels of strictness in their grammar rules. Some languages allow for more flexibility in sentence structure, while others have more rigid rules. In any case, the sentence's subject is typically involved in the action being described.

# In English
Subject, Object, Verb are used -  in that particular order

# In ASL
Sing Language offers excellent grammar flexibility, permitting various word orders to convey the same idea. It is a common misconception that ASL is a signed version of English with the same grammar rules. This assumption is flawed. ASL is a distinct visual language with its unique syntax and grammar, separate from English. By examining English, we can observe its structure more closely.

Subject and Verb (OSV) are usually used in that particular order
- Simple example signers: Painting (point👉🏼) Jenny kiss fist (love it). "painting" is the object. "Jenny" is the subject, and "kiss fist" is the verb, 
- 2nd example signers: Starbucks I GO-TO. "Starbucks" is the object. "I" is the subject, and "go to" is the verb. 

# Facial Expressions in ASL
Facial expressions are crucial in sign language grammar, as they indicate the tone and structure of our sentences. Our eyebrows, in particular, play a significant role in conveying our statements. Unlike in English, where we need to change the order of words to form questions, ASL uses eyebrow movements to show the sentence's punctuation -  whether it's a question, exclamation, or statement.

When we ask questions using words like who, what, where, when, why, and which, our eyebrows move downwards to show curiosity or inquiry. Our eyebrows are raised when we ask yes or no questions.

The second purpose of facial expression is ASL grammar is to convey emotional expression. Matching the facial expression with the sign is necessary when signing happy, sad, or mad.

Moreover, facial expressions emphasizes a sign in ASL, just like the English language uses the word "very" to convey emphasis. Instead of an additional sign, ASL uses facial expressions to show passion.

# Body language and ASL Grammar
To sign "understand" place your hand near your forehead with your index finger touching your thumb. Then, flick your index finger upwards. Interestingly, the sign for "don't understand" is the same as the sign for "understand" but with the addition of a head shake to negate the message. By shaking our heads while signing the same word, we completely change the grammar and meaning of the news. Remember that ASL expresses concepts, not just individual words, so thinking about meaning rather than exact translations an essentire.

# Think in Concepts
In English, a single sign can represent an entire sentence in ASL. The ASL sign for ask is directional, indicating who is being asked based on the direction of the singer's palm. By repeating the same sign in the same exposure a few times, one can convey the idea of asking repeatedly or continually, whereas, in English, it would require four or more words to express the same opinion. ASL does not use the English words "and" or "or" to convey information but instead utilizes facial expressions, role shifting, and pointing. Facial expressions are also crucial and ASL grammar as they frame the sentence's meaning. In contrast, we must change the words and their order in Enblish to alter a stame


# ‌
---
# Flashcards


# ‌
---
# Reference
