---
date: 2024-10-28
tags:
  - Japanese/Genki-1/Greetings
aliases:
---
# おはよう｜ありがとう
- ohayoo is used between friends and family members, while ohayoo gozaimasu is used between less intimate acquaintances. Similarly between arigatoo and arigatoo gozaimasu.
- rule of thumb is: if you are on the first name basis with someone, go for the shorter version. If you use Mr. or Ms. use the longer version.
# さようなら
- Sayoonara indicates that the speaker does not expect to see the person spoken to before she "Turns a page in their life"; not until a few day arrives, or until fate brings the two together again.
- The daily use is largely restricted to school children taking leave of their teacher.
	- じゃあ、また。　Jaa, mata
		(Between friends, expecting to see each other again fairly soon)
	- しつれいします。　Shitsureeshimasu
		(taking leave from a professor's office, for example)
# すみません
Sumimasen means (1) "Excuse me," to get someone's attention, (2) "I'm sorry" to apologize for the trouble you may have caused, or (3) "Thank you" to show appreciation for what someone has done for you.
# いいえ
Iie is primarily "No" a negative reply to a question. In the dialogue, it is used to express the English phrase "Don't mention it" or "You're welcome" with which you point out that one is not required to feel obliged for what you have done for them.
# いってらっしゃい｜いってきます｜ただいま｜　　　おかえりなさい
- Ittekimasu and itterasshai is a common exchange used at home when a family member leaves.
- Tadaima and okaeri are used when a person comes home.
# Culture note: Greetings and Bowing
Japanese people greet each other by bowing.
Bowing expresses respect, gratitude, or apologies
There are different ways of bowing ranging from a small nod to a 45-degree bend of the waist
the longer and deeper you bow, the more formal and respectful it appears to others.
Many Japanese people tend to feel uncomfortable with physical contact, When meeting someone in a business situation it is customary to exchange meeshi (business card).

# ‌
---
# Flashcards
おはよう。;;; Good morning
<!--SR:!2024-11-24,17,250!2024-12-08,28,270-->
おはようございます。;;; Good morning (polite)
<!--SR:!2024-12-07,27,270!2024-12-02,25,270-->
こんにちは。;;; Good afternoon
<!--SR:!2024-12-11,31,270!2024-11-21,16,250-->
こんばんは。;;; Good evening
<!--SR:!2024-12-01,24,270!2024-12-13,33,270-->
さようなら。;;; Goodbye
<!--SR:!2024-12-08,28,270!2024-12-07,27,270-->
おやすみなさい。;;; Good night
<!--SR:!2024-12-09,29,270!2024-12-13,33,270-->
ありがとう。;;; Thank you
<!--SR:!2024-12-08,28,270!2024-11-25,18,250-->
ありがとうございます。;;; Thank you very much
<!--SR:!2024-12-02,25,270!2024-12-11,31,270-->
すみません。;;; Excuse me, I'm sorry
<!--SR:!2024-12-13,33,270!2024-12-09,29,270-->
いいえ。;;; No, not at all
<!--SR:!2024-12-11,31,270!2024-12-12,32,270-->
いってきます。;;; I'll go and come back
<!--SR:!2024-12-08,28,270!2024-12-12,32,270-->
いってらっしゃい。;;; please go and come back
<!--SR:!2024-12-03,26,270!2024-11-17,12,230-->
ただいま。;;; I'm home
<!--SR:!2024-12-07,27,270!2024-12-01,24,270-->
おかえりなさい。;;; welcome home
<!--SR:!2024-12-09,29,270!2024-12-02,25,270-->
いただきます。;;; Thank you for the meal (before eating)
<!--SR:!2024-12-01,24,270!2024-12-12,32,270-->
ごちそうさまでした。;;; Thank you for the meal (after eating)
<!--SR:!2024-11-17,12,230!2024-12-03,26,270-->
はじめまして。;;; How do you do?
<!--SR:!2024-11-17,12,230!2024-11-17,12,230-->
よろしくおねがいします。;;; Nice to meet you
<!--SR:!2024-12-12,32,270!2024-11-17,12,230-->

# ‌
---
# Reference
