---
date: 2025-04-04
tags:
  - Original/Lore
aliases:
  - Periodical
---
# Unbreakable Bond
UNBREAKABLE BOND

  

By Karbon Source

  
  
  
  
  

Chapter 1

Our First meeting







"Hydro, this is Victor, don't be shy say 'Hi' to Victor", my mother holding my hand into an unfamiliar house, stands a tall man in front of the doorway.

"Nice to meet you Hydro, your mother talks all about you. I think there's someone you'll get along with very well" he says while crouching down to eye level.

In the corner of my eyes I spot someone peeking around the kitchen. Her emerald green eyes, her black hair in pigtails

"Heal, c'mon say hi to Hydro", the girl steps out, she's wearing a very nice white blouse with a purple bowtie, and a purple skirt with white socks to match.

"Hello, my name is 'Heal' you're 'Hydro'", right?" she has a cheerful tone, eyes beaming with curiosity.

"Oh um... yeah, I'm Hydro, nice to meet you... um Heal" I'm not sure why, but I struggled uttering those words. Her smile was as bright as the sun, I felt all of my anxiety wash away.

This unknown house and family became a part of me. I embraced them as my family, I never could have been happier.

It has been about a year since I was first introduced to Victor and Heal. A new year begins which happens to be my birthday. I got up from bed and noticed the bunk bed on top is empty. I put on my dark blue sweatshirt and black sweatpants. Stepping out of the room I was bombarding by a pleasant giant hug.

"Happy Birthday, big brother!", As enthusiastic as ever, this is my first birthday I'll be spending with my new family.

"Thanks Heal, but mom said we're not really siblings" I argue.

"We're pretty much siblings now since we share a room; c'mon dad said we're going out to eat soon" Heal grabs my hand drags me to the living room.

My mother is waiting there, talking with her boyfriend, turns my way once she notices me. "Hydro, are you ready?"

"Yes, mom" I replied

Victor walks up to me and pats my head, "Happy Birthday Hydro, you're already growing so tall"

After going out and eating some great food, a birthday cake is brough home, six candles are lit up. My mother, holding up her phone recording this precious moment, "Make a wish sweetie". Smiles from everyone around the room, it's overwhelming, but I catch my breath and relax a bit.

I wasn't sure what to wish for, looking around at everyone and their beaming faces, looking at Heal the answer became clear. To be one big happy family forever and create unforgettable memories like today. I blow out the candles and everyone seems so happy.

A loud bell goes off, it's finally lunch time, I grab my backpack and head towards a tree away from the playground and the other kids playing soccer. I sit down, lunchbox in hand and take this time to relax.

"Don't call him weird" I hear a familiar voice, "Do you like him?". "It's nothing like that, he's my brother."

Heal begins walking towards me. "Big brother... are you feeling okay?", a slightly concerned tone.

"Yeah I'm fine, what's up?", I quickly stand up to meet her eyes.

"Why are you always sitting here alone? Don't you talk to anyone in your class?", the question saddens me a little bit. I can't help but break eye-contact and look towards the floor, "Not really" I reply.

"Why not?", I don't know how to answer her; I'm not sure why myself.

She leans into my line of sight, her emerald greed eyes looking into mine of sapphire. "Maybe you should try making some friends, try talking to someone." I just don't know, I already have a friend; it's Heal.

Days go by, it is now the 18th of January. Getting ready for school, I see my mom in the kitchen, "Sweetie, make sure you say Happy Birthday to Heal." I couldn't believe it's already the 18th. I go back into our room and it looks like she just woke up. She gets down from the top bunk, "Happy Birthday Heal" I hug her tightly.

She hugs me back, "Thank you big brother, now I want my present" letting out a chuckle.

"Hey! that's not fair; I didn't get anything from you in my birthday!" Not really upset, rather playing along.

"You didn't ask for anything, so I want you to play with me all day after school." She looks very proud of her mild demand. "Don't we do that everyday?" I question her. "Yeah, so you'll do it right? It's my birthday big brother."

I can't help but smile back, "Sure Heal, I'll play whatever game you want." Laughter fills the room, until it is eventually cut off by my mother telling us to get ready for school.

Another year goes by, Heal and I are 7 years old. Our parents call us to the living room and tell us to sit down. Victor takes a sip of his coffee before putting down on the table and blurts out "kids... we're getting married! You two if officially be brother and sister"

"Really!?" Heal and I standing up immediately barely able to hold our excitement.

Everything feels like it's moving so fast, I'm not sure what to think, I don't really understand it, but mom seems to be happy and me and Heal get to be real siblings.

Heal and I would constantly bother our parents when they were going to get married, they were probably annoyed by all of our pestering.

# ‌
---
# Flashcards


# ‌
---
# Reference
